2024 Election Platform
======================

:author: Akihiro Kuroiwa, ChatGPT of OpenAI, Perplexity AI
:date: 2024/10/13

Dear fellow citizens,

When we announced our party’s formation and platform in 2023, we
regrettably did not find any candidates willing to run for office. The
Japanese electoral system requires a substantial deposit for candidacy,
which poses a significant barrier. However, if there are individuals who
resonate with our ideals and platform and can manage this financial
burden, we strongly encourage you to consider running as a candidate.

Furthermore, to fully establish our activities as a political party, we
need a certain number of party members. We warmly welcome anyone who
agrees with our principles to join us. Once we gather sufficient
members, we intend to officially register as a political party, enabling
us to operate on a more solid foundation.

Below, we present our key policy promises. Through these policies, we
aim to create a better society for all generations, including the
employment ice age generation and beyond.

Open-Source Software Development
--------------------------------

As part of our new platform, we propose an innovative approach to
government software development projects. We will transition from the
traditional corporate-based contracting system to directly commissioning
individual developers. Compensation will be disbursed through platforms
such as GitHub Sponsors, enhancing transparency and efficiency.
Furthermore, all developed software will be released as open-source.
This initiative not only aims to improve the quality of Japan’s public
systems but also serves as a form of international contribution by
supporting public system development in countries worldwide. Through
this endeavor, we seek to foster global cooperation, promote
technological innovation, and achieve more efficient and transparent
administrative systems.

Introduction of Basic Income
----------------------------

We will unify the existing social security systems, including pensions
and unemployment benefits, into a Basic Income system. This will ensure
a minimum standard of living for all citizens while streamlining welfare
programs. In conjunction with this, we will provide vocational training,
job placement support, and loans for start-up capital to foster new
industries. Additionally, we will enhance recurrent education
opportunities, allowing job seekers to continuously reskill and upskill.

Industrial Support Measures
---------------------------

We will actively attract venture capital to support the launch of new
industries in Japan. A preferential tax system will be introduced to
encourage such investments. At the same time, the current convoy system
of banking will be abolished, and bailouts will be limited to
depositors’ protection. This will restore banks to their original
purpose of supporting new ventures through loans.

Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC)
------------------------------------

The central bank digital currency will be developed as a **stablecoin**
based on blockchain technology and will be linked to biometric
authentication. This currency will also function as a replacement for
the My Number card, strengthening the foundation for a more digitalized
society.

Transition of Broadcasting to the Internet
------------------------------------------

We will transition television broadcasting entirely to the internet,
utilizing the freed-up radio frequencies to promote free internet access
across the nation. This will help bridge the digital divide and enhance
the country’s communications infrastructure.

Tax Reform
----------

We will abolish earmarked taxes and integrate them into the general
budget. In addition, essential goods will be exempt from consumption tax
to create a fairer tax system. Taxes on stock transactions will be
limited to consumption tax and will only apply to high-value
transactions. **The NISA system will be abolished.**

Environmental Consumption Tax
-----------------------------

An environmental consumption tax will be introduced to promote
eco-friendly consumption behaviors. This tax will incentivize the
adoption of environmentally sustainable practices across society.

Promotion of SDGs
-----------------

To promote the achievement of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the
government will certify institutions that assess private companies’
contributions to SDGs. Certified companies will benefit from
preferential rates on corporate taxes and tariffs, encouraging more
corporations to adopt environmentally and socially responsible
practices.

Countermeasures Against Depopulation and Support for Agriculture, Forestry, and Fisheries
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We will support municipalities that offer farming assistance to address
depopulation in rural areas. Measures will also be implemented to
promote the revitalization of rural regions by developing railway
stations into multipurpose facilities, including hotels, condominiums,
and other commercial spaces. We will attract real estate investment to
help maintain unprofitable railway lines. Furthermore, unprofitable bus
and train routes will receive subsidies based on their contributions to
local communities.

We will support the introduction of robotics and data science in
agriculture, forestry, and fisheries, encouraging private companies to
enter these sectors.

Promotion of New Materials and Construction Methods
---------------------------------------------------

We will encourage the adoption of new building materials and
construction methods. `The certification system under Article 20 of
the Building Standards Act
<https://www.mlit.go.jp/jutakukentiku/build/jutakukentiku_house_tk_000195.html>`__
will be actively utilized to promote the swift implementation of
innovative technologies.

Reform of Pharmaceutical Regulations
------------------------------------

We will reduce the burden on pharmaceutical companies by revising the
evaluation and testing methods for drugs to eliminate long-term clinical
trials. Medicines approved or banned in the U.S. and Europe will be
quickly applied in Japan, streamlining the approval process.

Increased Transparency in Public Sector Contracting
---------------------------------------------------

Temporary staffing agencies and their related companies will be banned
from contracting with the public sector. Discretionary contracts will be
prohibited to foster new market entrants and increase competition in
public procurement, ensuring transparency and accountability in
government contracts.
